Update hooks.md - fixed URL to repo (#12669)
sequelize/sequelize: docs/manual/other-topics/hooks.md

## Available hooks

> Sequelize provides a lot of hooks. The full list can be found in directly in the [source code - src/hooks.js](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/master/src/hooks.js#L7).

Reviewer: I think the following will be more future-proof:

```suggestion
Sequelize provides a lot of hooks. The full list can be found in directly in the [source code - src/hooks.js](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/v6/lib/hooks.js#L7).
```
